So in previous part, I told you how you created student depression in certain methods.
So we are done with ourselves.
So the main project is focusing on webpages because using GSP or we are using.
So creating so looks is very important part because for the deep connection and we have already created.
So for the database connection, I will show you know what things you have to use your order, which
is you are you are going to use.
So you are seeing some queries here.
So this is my some database credentials for a mid-table union to create admin part of this, which contains
user ID and password.
You're Judy, no need to specify more length or I'm using that to mean that be a default part here.
You can use some on other matters because editing part is only in the database system configuration.
You cannot say I don't want to become an admin to create admin metadata or anything.
You can use student metadata, but no need to create some admin DSP, but you can say administer DSP.
So I'm inserting this and I'm switching as a default passwords.
Then student table for creating a student part, which contained all the little things as a name, password
and user ID, then instruction table, which contains instruction which is 30 percent, went on to specify
more in question they will, which contains question option eight, option option C, Option B and the
answered.
So we need to create some primary why we need to create primary care, because this should be unique
and not knowing which parties should be unique and normal.
You cannot specify instruction should not be unique always or you can answer that question is always
a unique for the examination, but it's unique, but it should not be unique as a word to it.
So really, what is a unique 10 year old username and they will use a.
So I'm creating unique ideas.
What I'm doing, I'm doing as a primary and my son in that part as a primary key witness, really,
and this you can directly use these queries and you've been executed in your database.
My school or Oracle, you get these goodies.
So this is all about how we can set up our database.
Once this is done, you are done with our database part.
So we are not focused with only just be part.
So let us again move over to overages part here only.
So these teams are the No.
As I told you where you go to create just report in the webpages as we created admin.
Log in here.
Let me close all these things.
OK.
Edwin, log in Park.
No, we're not focused with only just be part.
So we are done with this.
So after this, we need to create an admin panel, which is urban penalties punitive.
So let us create an admin panel here.
All four.
Create a webpage, New Jersey.
Admin panel, or I think you can see this is direwolves new dialog box will open and you have to specify
the file name and special thing is the admin panel here.
Once this is done, delete this part, because I'm doing this part also.
And am.
Going with this only as a comment.
So let us be away already created this admin panel.
So let me use that part only.
OK, so now we're done with this admin panel.
Remember what, I'm using this so this page language java in these are some default things you have
to use.
Again, these are some scripts I'm using bootstrap and everything.
So.
This is username.
And it's done it will not steal anything because no need to specify anything.
If it's not done, it should specify that these log in as admin to continue.
As I told you in Ermine Log Industry.
OK, despite this log in as I mean, so do that, pardon me again, I'm specifying this and welcome.
What is the?
This is printing the username, which is specifying from that part, and it's mercury only they're still
controlling.
Or you can see moving part in human.
Then what is the troops home to the endless instruction list?
Christian list also it will create some novel editing, but as I told you, we are already created controller
for the novel enemy combatant.
So we need to create that potential and question list contents.
Well, let's add an updated to Christian and everything.
So we are done with this.
So let me tell you what is this part?
So admin panel will contain some methods and which new order, which provides some buttons to forward
some analogies, be part only if it's not providing some part like this.
This user name is not default, although we can say admin, not it's not me.
It will bring that admin little organized admin.
If you'd say, I mean, it will in this loop and it will go directly to this part and bring in this
will combine everything.
And same, this is done.
It should create some dispute.
I'm going to create student lists GSP instruction list GSP, which contains a button and an update then.
These are some default classes inside bootstrap only.
So this is all about this thing, so now we can see how we can predict student athletes.
So let me copy this part because I'm going to create a student list.
And I'm going to create new.
Sorry, not this great new and just be letting creative energies be filed here and we could finish.
I will delete this part and record this then.
Also don't require this.
I recall only this comment on.
Those are.
It will specify what is this document for?
This is a document for student list.
So let me show you how we can create student used here.
So student list is very simple.
It's a little bit tricky, but it's very simple.
So I'm embodying this, what is this page important where I'm using this?
So I want to import some libraries here.
What are you against the system for things?
So in the GSP, you have to use this index imported for the importing is equal to to specify what we
are importing or you model dots that we are importing everything inside.
Oh, yes, I'm importing students.
And I'm importing ArrayList here.
You can specify North Star also, but I'm basically a realist.
You?
Now it is in insert title, I will change this, and we do basically student no user I.D. and everything
you can.
Mention it like this, and what I'm doing is you're so tightly around instead of this.
I will print student list, that's who this will bring the student list here.
What is the issue number you can grade, which is basically a sequence number you can say is number.
You can also put into this number.
User I.D..
Namely, that shouldn't.
I sort of the children, so as this is only true for the admin purpose, it should get the password
of that student also, so it will show the password.
If you don't want to show the password, you can move that part also.
So I'm reading in the table or tabular manner, so I am using and.
You should know some default things inside this and list of all update and delete button and go into
it.
So I'm faking it as a student due at a least.
So always remember if you are reading Java.
Then inside this year to this romance and this person marks enclosed with this, you are going to use
this and all these things, then it all started for the first column I plus plus because I'm reading
that for loop again and again, one to three as usual.
Then not good user name because I'm using e studenti for that.
And remember, this is the advance for loop and set out for each loop, you can see at least.
You don't use a name, you don't get name, ID or password for the updates to then dispute now what
is this?
I'm going to create a new student just so it will show up to you, which is basically links you can
create a button on.
Somebody inside the table button is again taking much too much time to see.
This is that part.
So instead of this, I'm using audio your file, which you basically directly links to a big student
or delete student.
But again, you don't get name ID, get user username.
So remember, I hesitates to add a student's delete students of the student for that purpose.
Then this button to add student, because I need to add some students here so it will go to the admin,
in fact, if I click here back to panel, it will give the element.
And so I'm going to create admin student part on some longer student list.
Let us see how we can create instructions because we need to specify the instruction, please don't
forget.
Let me create and under the GSP.
Which contains instruction list in which.
I'm deleting this because no more required part.
Again, this I'm sort of one only and I'm building.
OK.
So let us see how we can get instruction this year.
That's it.
Oh.
Let us see what instructions to you.
I'm importing diesel in import instruction, diesel importing DB file importing additives.
So let me take this as a.
In proportion.
It's.
It.
Again, you can specify it's no no.
Then digital, all things are related to that estimate, which content is no construction operation
is basically some adding or updating part or deleting.
Again, I'm using a.
If update instruction just.
I'm going to give it another GSP file for printing.
It will update you.
I'm I want to delete.
I can delete that part.
So remember, I'm what I'm going to use yet again at instruction part or the ad instruction if I want
to click back, but it will go to the back written by I'm using this part because for this is for the
this because it will show some I want to specify some gap.
So I'm specifying this as a year.
So this is all about ad instruction part.
So, Edmund panel contains all these things.
So question list is also remaining.
Let us create one question list, but honestly it.
You can create Grishin list here.
Just be.
So let me do this part again.
OK.
And Mandy Moore despite.
So let me use that question list again.
Rationalist.
OK, no question list, again, similar thing I'm importing, although it's more related to this than
devises for the database.
I mean, again, it has a.
Rationalist as a title, then this is and this again, is no.
So it will show me the opposition, then question absolutely options.
Correct answer.
Update And if you want to update that part or delete that part, I'm using this.
So this is similar as a student list, as we created using for Loop.
But remember?
Whenever you are using the logic related to the Java, you need to invoke that syntax, which is basically
this state and for the clothing design, what is sensible and then angular brackets here or triangular
brackets, you then object questioning the direction GSP if you want to elevation, you can articulation.
Yet if you want to go to the backbench, you can look back on them.
So this is all about how you can be at some list here.
So this is different in part of the student list, instruction list and Christian list.
So in further videos, how we are going to create some exciting GSP files related to the update operation
delete questions similar for object instruction, delete instruction, similar for object student and
delete student.
But also we need to create some added student or DSP and different things.
So in further tutorials, I will tell you how we can create that one.